hello this is my review of the family
home set number 6 75 for now this is a
three-in-one said there are other
options but I just chose to make this
one now on the outside features there
are shutters which I think a pretty cool
they all kind clothes and stuff and
there's a little grid path although I
think this is kind of annoying to make
because they're all little one by one
pieces and it takes a while to make that
whole thing and I actually made it
smaller so i could get to build the rest
of it and there's a little bird bath
here and am pond it which is pretty cool
and they had little pieces here for a
duck but I turned the duck into a bird
so yeah and then over on this side
there's a little patio which i think is
pretty cool you're a bunch of smooth
faces like that and then there is am
bench table and I'm pretty sure this is
a light but I'm not exactly sure what it
is and there's some flowers and right
here it's really cool there's a sliding
glass door it slides and then there's an
awning above it which it's actually
built into the wall and their little
support things that are also built into
the wall and then the shutters on this
side also and I like they made a new
Lego element is kind of hard to see
right here right in this corner that's
all one piece right there and I think
that's pretty cool but they made that
I'm not sure if I already had that
before did my and then on the side the
chimney it's all different colors with
these grid these texture pieces I think
that's pretty cool and then there's the
back and stuff
and I like how they have gutters here
there's also gutters on the back right
here so that's pretty cool and then
there is some flowers by the door here
in a big window this one who actually
opens but it's kind of hard oh yeah that
window opens its up like that so that's
the outside on the inside the first
floor and the roof I actually comes out
into two pieces in this model and I
added some elements on the top floor on
the inside this is pretty much how it
comes because there's they don't have
anything in there that's what i don't
like about this is it doesn't come with
anything for the inside but they do have
like a cool little walkway here and a
fireplace i don't know if you can see
that there is a little fireplace element
and um so that's there's not much on the
first floor and i add some stuff
upstairs so and then it comes in to two
halves so I'm this half the steps come
up here and I added a little desk with a
computer a little mass and stuff and
then um well the one thing i don't like
about this set is these things
supporting the roof they kind of get in
the way with many haters um like when
they're standing right there so already
like that but it's still pretty cool and
then on the other half its second on the
other half i added a little dresser here
it doesn't come with a set so don't
think that comes with the same a little
bit but also doesn't come to that
and there is a window up in there and
there is the front window there and
there's a window on the side where half
of it is on this half on the roof and
the other half is on that half so that's
kind of cool and steps come up to there
so I mean it's a pretty cool set
although the two things that I don't
like about this set is one it doesn't
come with any home elements on the
inside like you saw on the first floor I
added all the elements on the top fuller
I'm working on stuff for the bottom
player and it's not exactly to scale
with minifigures I mean it still works
like it's the same size door and stuff
but it's not exactly to scale so that is
my review of the family home site number
E 6754 and keep in mind this is a
three-in-one set so I just chose to make
this one there also other options so
that's it and it's a really cool set I
think you should buy it has really good
details so that is my review of the
family home set number 6 75 for